When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would use a remote repository when I want to share my work publicly for other people to view it or make changes to it.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    You want to pull changes manually incase you make a commit on GitHub which you do not want to add to your local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are used when you want to make changes to someone else's repository on GitHub but you still intend to acknowledge the person's ownership of the original code, it involves making a copy of the person's repository onto your GitHub account so you can make changes to it without affecting the person's original repository. Clones are used when you want to copy a repository from GitHub to your local computer, they are used when you want to make changes to it offline. Branches are used when you want to make an experimental change to a repository on your local computer or your GitHub account without affecting the master branch, that is, without running the risk of damaging the working version you have. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally enables you to work on the project while offline and you can always push it to GitHub later.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would collaborate by sharing copies of the repositories directly with my fellow collaborators who would then make the changes and I would have to compare theirs to mine. The easier part is being able to do it without having to use the command line or the various git commands. The harder part would be the comparison and figuring out whether any of the changes made would affect the workability of the initial project

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
